hello guys good tone making this video
for some reasons
The first reason is that I made a video
some time ago last year on the
Please format your tablet for this video
it was the video that most certainly had
programming that same time it had
more audience around 48 thousand
hits of something in this video
So I saw that you have a very
interested this content
however youtube is removed my track
audio and I'm wanting in case of
make another video in a video has
updated on the subject and is
It's happening to you, but I'm just
making serve to show you that
I have a real interest that I do not
forgot to make another video, do not
worry that I'll do soon
because I will not do it immediately
needing to get together for this I'll go
providing a taurus is that 1 800
but I'll provide a tablet for
make exclusive class teach you
learn to format safely
no need to be scared, it's good, but that's it
people are
I made a video to give only one tension
a video response to all of you comment
my videos here on the question of whether
learn tablet that could not
answer everyone
but I'll provide water one this
but be sure to subscribe to the channel
so that you can then receive the
updates for this channel and help you
indeed and thank you enrolled and
you advertise the channel doubt programming
and this is it people and my channel is not just
right hardware content is a one
public that is a channel that meets
to a person whose
that I love to program and for loving our
the desire to teach you then
So that's it and I just think this
Big asshole that's enough then a
kiss and goodbye